now the US is working on a proposal to
ensure the release of the remaining
captives held in Gaza and relief for
Palestinians White House National
Security spokesman John Kirby made those
comments a day after the US president
said well the Israeli Prime Minister
wasn't doing enough to reach a deal to
end the war let's go in now to our White
House correspondent kimbery Hal joins us
from outside the White House so kimbery
is this the take it or leave it deal the
US media has been talking about recently
they yeah well this isn't uh what was
referred to specifically by John Kirby
the National Security Council
spokesperson what he called it was kind
of the the bridging proposal that is
designed to close the gaps to force the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu to uh bring about a deal to
with Hamas to get that ceasefire that is
so urgently needed to alleviate the
suffering of the people of Gaza and also
secure the release of captives and bring
about a ceasefire but he also said what
this would do is uh to remove Israeli
forces from the Philadelphi Corridor
where it intersects with densely
populated areas and as we know this has
been a bit of a sticking point and uh
this also has been a point of contention
with the Israeli Prime Minister Minister
because this is something that the
National Security Council spokesperson
said that Israel has already agreed to
yet we know over the weekend that the
Israeli Prime Minister walked that back
saying that for the foreseeable future
there would need to be a security
presence along the Egypt Gaza border now
uh the National Security Council
spokesperson said he would not debate
with the Israeli Prime Minister he said
that this is something that's already
been agreed to the White House says they
expect that a commitment to honored and
so they are moving forward so again as
we know the US president on Monday
meeting with his negotiating team and
the vice president there is a new sense
of urgency we understand according to
John Kirby he says that there has been a
lot of text amendment that has been
going on in the last 24 hours constant
consultation with Qatar and Egypt and we
know the president himself has been
personally involved trying to get this
across the finish
line all right thanks so much kimly hit
there make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler